Highlighting groups for various occasions
-----------------------------------------
SpecialKey	SpecialKey
NonText	NonText EndOfBuffer
Directory	Directory
ErrorMsg	ErrorMsg
IncSearch	IncSearch
Search	Search
MoreMsg	MoreMsg
ModeMsg	ModeMsg
LineNr	LineNr
CursorLineNr	CursorLineNr
Question	Question
StatusLine	StatusLine
StatusLineNC	StatusLineNC
VertSplit	VertSplit
Title	Title
Visual	Visual
VisualNOS	VisualNOS
WarningMsg	WarningMsg
WildMenu	WildMenu
Folded	Folded
FoldColumn	FoldColumn
DiffAdd	DiffAdd
DiffChange	DiffChange
DiffDelete	DiffDelete
DiffText	DiffText
SignColumn	SignColumn
Conceal	Conceal
SpellBad	SpellBad
SpellCap	SpellCap
SpellRare	SpellRare
SpellLocal	SpellLocal
Pmenu	Pmenu
PmenuSel	PmenuSel
PmenuSbar	PmenuSbar
PmenuThumb	PmenuThumb
TabLine	TabLine
TabLineSel	TabLineSel
TabLineFill	TabLineFill
CursorColumn	CursorColumn
CursorLine	CursorLine
ColorColumn	ColorColumn
StatusLineTerm	StatusLineTerm
StatusLineTermNC	StatusLineTermNC
Cursor	Cursor

Syntax highlighting groups
--------------------------
lCursor	lCursor
MatchParen	MatchParen
Normal	Normal
ToolbarLine	ToolbarLine
ToolbarButton	ToolbarButton
Comment	Comment
Constant	Constant
Special	Special
Identifier	Identifier
Statement	Statement
PreProc	PreProc
Type	Type
Underlined	Underlined
Ignore	Ignore
Error	Error
Todo	Todo
String	String
Character	Character
Number	Number
Boolean	Boolean
Float	Float
Function	Function
Conditional	Conditional
Repeat	Repeat
Label	Label
Operator	Operator
Keyword	Keyword
Exception	Exception
Include	Include
Define	Define
Macro	Macro
PreCondit	PreCondit
StorageClass	StorageClass
Structure	Structure
Typedef	Typedef
Tag	Tag
SpecialChar	SpecialChar
Delimiter	Delimiter
SpecialComment	SpecialComment
Debug	Debug
netrwDir	netrwDir
GitGutterAdd	GitGutterAdd
GitGutterChange	GitGutterChange
GitGutterDelete	GitGutterDelete
Directive	Directive
Format	Format
Tooltip	Tooltip
Menu	Menu
GitGutterAddInvisible	GitGutterAddInvisible
GitGutterChangeInvisible	GitGutterChangeInvisible
GitGutterDeleteInvisible	GitGutterDeleteInvisible
GitGutterAddDefault	GitGutterAddDefault
GitGutterChangeDefault	GitGutterChangeDefault
GitGutterDeleteDefault	GitGutterDeleteDefault
GitGutterAddIntraLine	GitGutterAddIntraLine
GitGutterDeleteIntraLine	GitGutterDeleteIntraLine
netrwSortBy	netrwSortBy
netrwSortSeq	netrwSortSeq
netrwQuickHelp	netrwQuickHelp
netrwCopyTgt	netrwCopyTgt
netrwPlain	netrwPlain
netrwSpecial	netrwSpecial
netrwTime	netrwTime
netrwSizeDate	netrwSizeDate
netrwTreeBarSpace	netrwTreeBarSpace
netrwSlash	netrwSlash
netrwCmdNote	netrwCmdNote
netrwGray	netrwGray
vimStdPlugin	vimStdPlugin
vimGlobal	vimGlobal
vimEcho	vimEcho
vimIsCommand	vimIsCommand
vimExtCmd	vimExtCmd
vimFilter	vimFilter
vimSet	vimSet
vimUserCmd	vimUserCmd
vimCmdSep	vimCmdSep
vimFiletype	vimFiletype
vimAugroup	vimAugroup
vimExecute	vimExecute
vimFunction	vimFunction
vimOperParen	vimOperParen
vimRegion	vimRegion
vimSynLine	vimSynLine
vimSetEqual	vimSetEqual
vimFuncBody	vimFuncBody
vimFuncBlank	vimFuncBlank
vimEscapeBrace	vimEscapeBrace
vimSubstRep	vimSubstRep
vimSubstRange	vimSubstRange
vimPatRegion	vimPatRegion
vimCollection	vimCollection
vimSubstPat	vimSubstPat
vimSubst2	vimSubst2
vimSubstRep4	vimSubstRep4
vimCollClass	vimCollClass
vimMapLhs	vimMapLhs
vimAutoCmdSpace	vimAutoCmdSpace
vimAutoEventList	vimAutoEventList
vimAutoCmdSfxList	vimAutoCmdSfxList
vimMapRhs	vimMapRhs
vimMapRhsExtend	vimMapRhsExtend
vimMenuBang	vimMenuBang
vimMenuPriority	vimMenuPriority
vimMenuMap	vimMenuMap
vimMenuRhs	vimMenuRhs
vimNormCmds	vimNormCmds
vimGroupList	vimGroupList
vimAuSyntax	vimAuSyntax
vimClusterName	vimClusterName
vimIskList	vimIskList
vimSynKeyRegion	vimSynKeyRegion
vimSynMatchRegion	vimSynMatchRegion
vimSynMtchCchar	vimSynMtchCchar
vimSynMtchGroup	vimSynMtchGroup
vimSynRegion	vimSynRegion
vimSynPatMod	vimSynPatMod
vimSyncLines	vimSyncLines
vimSyncMatch	vimSyncMatch
vimSyncLinebreak	vimSyncLinebreak
vimSyncLinecont	vimSyncLinecont
vimSyncRegion	vimSyncRegion
vimHiLink	vimHiLink
vimHiKeyList	vimHiKeyList
vimHiBang	vimHiBang
vimHiCtermColor	vimHiCtermColor
vimHiFontname	vimHiFontname
vimHiGuiFontname	vimHiGuiFontname
vimHiTermcap	vimHiTermcap
vimCommentTitleLeader	vimCommentTitleLeader
vimLuaRegion	vimLuaRegion
luaInnerComment	luaInnerComment
luaIfThen	luaIfThen
luaElseifThen	luaElseifThen
luaThenEnd	luaThenEnd
luaBlock	luaBlock
luaLoopBlock	luaLoopBlock
luaParen	luaParen
luaTableBlock	luaTableBlock
luaFunctionBlock	luaFunctionBlock
vimPerlRegion	vimPerlRegion
podBoldItalic	podBoldItalic
podBoldOpen	podBoldOpen
podBoldAlternativeDelimOpen	podBoldAlternativeDelimOpen
podItalicBold	podItalicBold
podItalicOpen	podItalicOpen
podItalicAlternativeDelimOpen	podItalicAlternativeDelimOpen
podNoSpaceOpen	podNoSpaceOpen
podNoSpaceAlternativeDelimOpen	podNoSpaceAlternativeDelimOpen
podIndexOpen	podIndexOpen
podIndexAlternativeDelimOpen	podIndexAlternativeDelimOpen
podBold	podBold
podBoldAlternativeDelim	podBoldAlternativeDelim
podItalic	podItalic
podItalicAlternativeDelim	podItalicAlternativeDelim
perlPOD	perlPOD
perlBraces	perlBraces
perlFakeGroup	perlFakeGroup
perlFiledescStatementNocomma	perlFiledescStatementNocomma
perlFiledescStatementComma	perlFiledescStatementComma
perlStatementIndirObjWrap	perlStatementIndirObjWrap
perlVarMember	perlVarMember
perlVarBlock	perlVarBlock
perlVarBlock2	perlVarBlock2
perlPackageConst	perlPackageConst
NONE	NONE
perlHereDocStart	perlHereDocStart
perlAutoload	perlAutoload
perlFormat	perlFormat
perlSync	perlSync
perlSyncPOD	perlSyncPOD
vimPythonRegion	vimPythonRegion
pythonMatrixMultiply	pythonMatrixMultiply
pythonSpaceError	pythonSpaceError
pythonAttribute	pythonAttribute
pythonSync	pythonSync
vimAugroupSyncA	vimAugroupSyncA
ALEErrorLine	ALEErrorLine
ALEWarningLine	ALEWarningLine
ALEInfoLine	ALEInfoLine

		   	links to LineNr
GitGutterChangeInvisible	links	GitGutterChangeInvisible	links to GitGutterChangeDeleteInvisible
GitGutterChange	links	GitGutterChange	links to GitGutterChangeDelete
DiffAdd	links	DiffAdd	links to GitGutterAddLine
DiffChange	links	DiffChange	links to GitGutterChangeLine
DiffDelete	links	DiffDelete	links to GitGutterDeleteLine
GitGutterChangeLine	links	GitGutterChangeLine	links to GitGutterChangeDeleteLine
CursorLineNr	links	CursorLineNr	links to GitGutterAddLineNr
CursorLineNr	links	CursorLineNr	links to GitGutterChangeLineNr
CursorLineNr	links	CursorLineNr	links to GitGutterDeleteLineNr
CursorLineNr	links	CursorLineNr	links to GitGutterChangeDeleteLineNr
TabLineSel	links	TabLineSel	links to BufTabLineCurrent
PmenuSel	links	PmenuSel	links to BufTabLineActive
TabLine	links	TabLine	links to BufTabLineHidden
TabLineFill	links	TabLineFill	links to BufTabLineFill
netrwComment	links	netrwComment	links to netrwHide
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to netrwVersion
Question	links	Question	links to netrwSymLink
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to netrwExe
Special	links	Special	links to netrwLink
Function	links	Function	links to netrwClassify
Delimiter	links	Delimiter	links to netrwDateSep
Special	links	Special	links to netrwTreeBar
netrwDateSep	links	netrwDateSep	links to netrwTimeSep
Comment	links	Comment	links to netrwComment
Statement	links	Statement	links to netrwHidePat
netrwComment	links	netrwComment	links to netrwHideSep
Statement	links	Statement	links to netrwList
netrwComment	links	netrwComment	links to netrwComma
Function	links	Function	links to netrwHelpCmd
Number	links	Number	links to netrwQHTopic
Delimiter	links	Delimiter	links to netrwCmdSep
TabLineSel	links	TabLineSel	links to netrwMarkFile
WarningMsg	links	WarningMsg	links to netrwCoreDump
DiffChange	links	DiffChange	links to netrwData
netrwPlain	links	netrwPlain	links to netrwHdr
netrwPlain	links	netrwPlain	links to netrwLex
DiffChange	links	DiffChange	links to netrwLib
DiffChange	links	DiffChange	links to netrwMakefile
netrwPlain	links	netrwPlain	links to netrwYacc
Special	links	Special	links to netrwPix
netrwGray	links	netrwGray	links to netrwBak
netrwGray	links	netrwGray	links to netrwCompress
netrwGray	links	netrwGray	links to netrwSpecFile
netrwGray	links	netrwGray	links to netrwObj
netrwGray	links	netrwGray	links to netrwTags
netrwGray	links	netrwGray	links to netrwTilde
netrwGray	links	netrwGray	links to netrwTmp
SpecialKey	links	SpecialKey	links to netrwSuffixes
Todo	links	Todo	links to vimTodo
Statement	links	Statement	links to vimCommand
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to vimOption
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimErrSetting
Type	links	Type	links to vimAutoEvent
Type	links	Type	links to vimGroup
vimGroup	links	vimGroup	links to vimHLGroup
Function	links	Function	links to vimFuncName
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimSubst
Comment	links	Comment	links to vimComment
Number	links	Number	links to vimNumber
vimMark	links	vimMark	links to vimAddress
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimAutoCmd
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimLet
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimMap
Number	links	Number	links to vimMark
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimSyntax
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to vimVar
vimVar	links	vimVar	links to vimFBVar
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimInsert
vimBehave	links	vimBehave	links to vimBehaveModel
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimBehaveError
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimBehave
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimFTCmd
vimSynType	links	vimSynType	links to vimFTOption
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimFTError
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimNotFunc
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimFunctionError
vimComment	links	vimComment	links to vimLineComment
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to vimSpecFile
Operator	links	Operator	links to vimOper
String	links	String	links to vimString
SpecialChar	links	SpecialChar	links to vimRegister
SpecialChar	links	SpecialChar	links to vimCmplxRepeat
Special	links	Special	links to vimNotation
SpecialChar	links	SpecialChar	links to vimCtrlChar
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to vimFuncVar
Special	links	Special	links to vimContinue
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimAugroupKey
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimAugroupError
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to vimEnvvar
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimFunc
Delimiter	links	Delimiter	links to vimParenSep
Delimiter	links	Delimiter	links to vimSep
Error	links	Error	links to vimOperError
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimFuncKey
Special	links	Special	links to vimFuncSID
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimAbb
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimEchoHL
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimHighlight
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimNorm
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimSearch
vimMap	links	vimMap	links to vimUnmap
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimUserCommand
Type	links	Type	links to vimPattern
vimSpecFile	links	vimSpecFile	links to vimSpecFileMod
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimSetString
vimSpecial	links	vimSpecial	links to vimUserAttrb
Error	links	Error	links to vimUserAttrbError
vimOption	links	vimOption	links to vimUserAttrbKey
vimSpecial	links	vimSpecial	links to vimUserAttrbCmplt
Error	links	Error	links to vimUserCmdError
Special	links	Special	links to vimUserAttrbCmpltFunc
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimCommentString
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimPatSepErr
SpecialChar	links	SpecialChar	links to vimPatSep
vimPatSep	links	vimPatSep	links to vimPatSepZ
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimPatSepZone
vimPatSep	links	vimPatSep	links to vimPatSepR
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimNotPatSep
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimStringEnd
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimStringCont
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimSubstTwoBS
SpecialChar	links	SpecialChar	links to vimSubstSubstr
vimSubst	links	vimSubst	links to vimSubst1
Delimiter	links	Delimiter	links to vimSubstDelim
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimSubstFlagErr
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimCollClassErr
Special	links	Special	links to vimSubstFlags
vimNumber	links	vimNumber	links to vimMarkNumber
vimMark	links	vimMark	links to vimPlainMark
vimRegister	links	vimRegister	links to vimPlainRegister
vimOption	links	vimOption	links to vimSetMod
Statement	links	Statement	links to vimSetSep
vimBracket	links	vimBracket	links to vimMapMod
vimGroup	links	vimGroup	links to vimEchoHLNone
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimMapBang
vimFuncSID	links	vimFuncSID	links to vimMapModKey
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimMapModErr
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to vimMenuName
vimMapMod	links	vimMapMod	links to vimMenuMod
vimMenuName	links	vimMenuName	links to vimMenuNameMore
Delimiter	links	Delimiter	links to vimBracket
Normal	links	Normal	links to vimUserFunc
Error	links	Error	links to vimElseIfErr
vimWarn	links	vimWarn	links to vimBufnrWarn
Special	links	Special	links to vimGroupSpecial
Error	links	Error	links to vimSynError
vimSynOption	links	vimSynOption	links to vimSynContains
vimSynContains	links	vimSynContains	links to vimSynKeyContainedin
vimSynOption	links	vimSynOption	links to vimSynNextgroup
vimSpecial	links	vimSpecial	links to vimSynType
Type	links	Type	links to vimSynCase
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimSynCaseError
vimGroup	links	vimGroup	links to vimGroupName
vimSynOption	links	vimSynOption	links to vimGroupAdd
vimSynOption	links	vimSynOption	links to vimGroupRem
Delimiter	links	Delimiter	links to vimIskSep
vimSynOption	links	vimSynOption	links to vimSynKeyOpt
vimComment	links	vimComment	links to vimMtchComment
vimSynOption	links	vimSynOption	links to vimSynMtchOpt
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimSynRegPat
vimString	links	vimString	links to vimSynPatRange
vimSynRegPat	links	vimSynRegPat	links to vimSynNotPatRange
vimSynOption	links	vimSynOption	links to vimSynRegOpt
Type	links	Type	links to vimSynReg
vimSynOption	links	vimSynOption	links to vimSynMtchGrp
Type	links	Type	links to vimSyncC
Error	links	Error	links to vimSyncError
vimGroupName	links	vimGroupName	links to vimSyncGroupName
Type	links	Type	links to vimSyncKey
vimGroupName	links	vimGroupName	links to vimSyncGroup
Type	links	Type	links to vimSyncNone
vimHighlight	links	vimHighlight	links to vimHiClear
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimHiCtermError
vimGroupName	links	vimGroupName	links to vimHiGroup
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to vimHiAttrib
vimHiAttrib	links	vimHiAttrib	links to vimFgBgAttrib
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimHiAttribList
vimNumber	links	vimNumber	links to vimHiGuiRgb
Type	links	Type	links to vimHiTerm
vimHiTerm	links	vimHiTerm	links to vimHiCTerm
vimHiTerm	links	vimHiTerm	links to vimHiStartStop
vimHiTerm	links	vimHiTerm	links to vimHiCtermFgBg
vimHiTerm	links	vimHiTerm	links to vimHiGui
vimHiTerm	links	vimHiTerm	links to vimHiGuiFont
vimHiTerm	links	vimHiTerm	links to vimHiGuiFgBg
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimHiKeyError
Number	links	Number	links to vimHiNmbr
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to vimCommentTitle
Statement	links	Statement	links to vimSearchDelim
Todo	links	Todo	links to luaTodo
Comment	links	Comment	links to luaComment
Error	links	Error	links to luaParenError
SpecialChar	links	SpecialChar	links to luaSpecial
Conditional	links	Conditional	links to luaElse
Operator	links	Operator	links to luaIn
Statement	links	Statement	links to luaStatement
Structure	links	Structure	links to luaTable
Error	links	Error	links to luaBraceError
Error	links	Error	links to luaError
Function	links	Function	links to luaFunction
Conditional	links	Conditional	links to luaCond
Repeat	links	Repeat	links to luaRepeat
Label	links	Label	links to luaLabel
Operator	links	Operator	links to luaOperator
Constant	links	Constant	links to luaConstant
String	links	String	links to luaString2
String	links	String	links to luaString
Number	links	Number	links to luaNumber
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to luaFunc
Repeat	links	Repeat	links to luaFor
Comment	links	Comment	links to vimScriptDelim
String	links	String	links to podCmdText
Statement	links	Statement	links to podCommand
Number	links	Number	links to podOverIndent
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to podForKeywd
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to podFormat
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to podVerbatimLine
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to podSpecial
String	links	String	links to podEscape
Number	links	Number	links to podEscape2
Todo	links	Todo	links to perlTodo
Conditional	links	Conditional	links to perlConditional
Error	links	Error	links to perlElseIfError
Repeat	links	Repeat	links to perlRepeat
Operator	links	Operator	links to perlOperator
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to perlControl
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementStorage
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementControl
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementScalar
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementRegexp
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementNumeric
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementList
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementHash
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementIOfunc
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementFiledesc
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementVector
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementFiles
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementFlow
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementInclude
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementProc
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementSocket
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementIPC
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementNetwork
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementPword
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementTime
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementMisc
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementIndirObj
Label	links	Label	links to perlLabel
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlVarPlain
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlVarNotInMatches
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlVarSlash
perlType	links	perlType	links to perlPackageRef
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlVarSimpleMember
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlMethod
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlPostDeref
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlVarPlain2
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlFunctionName
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlShellCommand
Float	links	Float	links to perlFloat
Number	links	Number	links to perlNumber
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlStringUnexpanded
String	links	String	links to perlString
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlQQ
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlArrow
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlVarSimpleMemberName
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlFiledescRead
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlFiledescStatement
perlSpecial	links	perlSpecial	links to perlSpecialString
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlSpecialStringU2
perlSpecial	links	perlSpecial	links to perlSpecialStringU
perlSpecial	links	perlSpecial	links to perlSpecialMatch
Error	links	Error	links to perlNotEmptyLine
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlMatchStartEnd
perlStringStartEnd	links	perlStringStartEnd	links to perlVStringV
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlParensSQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlBracketsSQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlBracesSQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlAnglesSQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlParensDQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlBracketsDQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlBracesDQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlAnglesDQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlMatch
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlSubstitutionGQQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlSubstitutionSQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlTranslationGQ
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlStringStartEnd
Comment	links	Comment	links to perlComment
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlHereDoc
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlStatementPackage
perlType	links	perlType	links to perlPackageDecl
Error	links	Error	links to perlSubError
perlSubAttributes	links	perlSubAttributes	links to perlSubAttributesCont
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to perlSubAttributes
Error	links	Error	links to perlSubPrototypeError
Type	links	Type	links to perlSubPrototype
Type	links	Type	links to perlSignature
Function	links	Function	links to perlSubName
Keyword	links	Keyword	links to perlFunction
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to perlSharpBang
perlIdentifier	links	perlIdentifier	links to perlFormatName
perlString	links	perlString	links to perlFormatField
perlComment	links	perlComment	links to perlDATA
Include	links	Include	links to perlInclude
Special	links	Special	links to perlSpecial
Character	links	Character	links to perlCharacter
Type	links	Type	links to perlType
Identifier	links	Identifier	links to perlIdentifier
Statement	links	Statement	links to perlStatement
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlList
perlStatement	links	perlStatement	links to perlMisc
perlType	links	perlType	links to perlStorageClass
perlType	links	perlType	links to perlFunctionPRef
perlSpecial	links	perlSpecial	links to perlSpecialAscii
perlSpecial	links	perlSpecial	links to perlSpecialDollar
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimEmbedError
Statement	links	Statement	links to pythonStatement
Function	links	Function	links to pythonFunction
Conditional	links	Conditional	links to pythonConditional
Repeat	links	Repeat	links to pythonRepeat
Operator	links	Operator	links to pythonOperator
Exception	links	Exception	links to pythonException
Include	links	Include	links to pythonInclude
Statement	links	Statement	links to pythonAsync
Define	links	Define	links to pythonDecorator
Function	links	Function	links to pythonDecoratorName
Define	links	Define	links to pythonDoctestValue
Todo	links	Todo	links to pythonTodo
Comment	links	Comment	links to pythonComment
String	links	String	links to pythonQuotes
Special	links	Special	links to pythonEscape
String	links	String	links to pythonString
pythonQuotes	links	pythonQuotes	links to pythonTripleQuotes
Special	links	Special	links to pythonDoctest
String	links	String	links to pythonRawString
Number	links	Number	links to pythonNumber
Function	links	Function	links to pythonBuiltin
Structure	links	Structure	links to pythonExceptions
Error	links	Error	links to vimError
vimError	links	vimError	links to vimKeyCodeError
WarningMsg	links	WarningMsg	links to vimWarn
vimHighlight	links	vimHighlight	links to vimAuHighlight
vimOption	links	vimOption	links to vimAutoCmdOpt
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimAutoSet
vimCommand	links	vimCommand	links to vimCondHL
vimCondHL	links	vimCondHL	links to vimElseif
Folded	links	Folded	links to vimFold
Special	links	Special	links to vimSynOption
PreProc	links	PreProc	links to vimHLMod
vimSpecFile	links	vimSpecFile	links to vimKeyCode
Statement	links	Statement	links to vimKeyword
Type	links	Type	links to vimSpecial
Statement	links	Statement	links to vimStatement
Error	links	Error	links to ALEErrorSign
ALEErrorSign	links	ALEErrorSign	links to ALEStyleErrorSign
Todo	links	Todo	links to ALEWarningSign
ALEWarningSign	links	ALEWarningSign	links to ALEStyleWarningSign
ALEWarningSign	links	ALEWarningSign	links to ALEInfoSign
Error	links	Error	links to ALESignColumnWithErrors
LineNr	links	LineNr	links to ALESignColumnWithoutErrors
SpellBad	links	SpellBad	links to ALEError
ALEError	links	ALEError	links to ALEStyleError
SpellCap	links	SpellCap	links to ALEWarning
ALEWarning	links	ALEWarning	links to ALEStyleWarning
ALEWarning	links	ALEWarning	links to ALEInfo
